Updates documentation on arbiters. (#970)
mongodb/mongodb-kubernetes-operator: docs/deploy-configure.md

**NOTE**: At least one replica set member must not be an arbiter.

Consider the following MongoDBCommunity resource definition example, with a PSS
(Primary-Secondary-Secondary) configuration:

```yaml
apiVersion: mongodbcommunity.mongodb.com/v1
kind: MongoDBCommunity
metadata:
  name: example-mongodb
spec:
  type: ReplicaSet
  members: 3
  version: "4.2.7"
```

> To add arbiters, edit the resource definition.

Reviewer: consider reverting this change. I like that your construction is simpler, but removing the numbered list item here and not at https://github.com/mongodb/mongodb-kubernetes-operator/pull/970/files#diff-f78009da6728161bca1880b44e8c39f4d02497f945c161e525ae024a68935c11R182 leaves only a single numbered list item here that starts with `2`.
```suggestion
To add arbiters: 

1. Edit the resource definition.
```

   kubectl apply -f <example>.yaml --namespace <my-namespace>
   ```

> The resulting Replica Set will be PSSA (Primary-Secondary-Seconday-Arbiter)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The resulting Replica Set will be PSSA (Primary-Secondary-Secondary-Arbiter)
```

> The resulting Replica Set will be PSSA (Primary-Secondary-Secondary-Arbiter)

Reviewer: suggestion: avoid future tense whenever you can.
```suggestion
The resulting Replica Set has a PSSA (Primary-Secondary-Secondary-Arbiter)
```
